{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red191\green100\blue38;\red32\green32\blue32;\red153\green168\blue186;
\red173\green169\blue32;\red133\green96\blue154;\red254\green187\blue91;\red88\green118\blue71;\red86\green132\blue173;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c74902\c39216\c14902;\csgenericrgb\c12549\c12549\c12549;\csgenericrgb\c60000\c65882\c72941;
\csgenericrgb\c67843\c66275\c12549;\csgenericrgb\c52157\c37647\c60392;\csgenericrgb\c99608\c73333\c35686;\csgenericrgb\c34510\c46275\c27843;\csgenericrgb\c33725\c51765\c67843;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 package \cf4 com.example.choices\cf2 ;\
\
import \cf4 androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity\cf2 ;\
\
import \cf4 android.annotation.\cf5 SuppressLint\cf2 ;\
import \cf4 android.os.Bundle\cf2 ;\
import \cf4 android.view.View\cf2 ;\
import \cf4 android.widget.Button\cf2 ;\
import \cf4 android.widget.EditText\cf2 ;\
import \cf4 android.widget.TextView\cf2 ;\
import \cf4 android.widget.Toast\cf2 ;\
\
public class \cf4 arithmeticoperator \cf2 extends \cf4 AppCompatActivity \cf2 implements \cf4 View.OnClickListener \{\
\
    Button \cf6 buttonAdd\cf2 , \cf6 buttonSub\cf2 , \cf6 buttonMul\cf2 , \cf6 buttonDiv\cf2 ;\
    \cf4 EditText \cf6 editTextN1\cf2 , \cf6 editTextN2\cf2 ;\
    \cf4 TextView \cf6 textView\cf2 ;\
    int \cf6 num1\cf2 , \cf6 num2\cf2 ;\
\
    \cf5 @Override\
    \cf2 protected void \cf7 onCreate\cf4 (Bundle savedInstanceState) \{\
        \cf2 super\cf4 .onCreate(savedInstanceState)\cf2 ;\
        \cf4 setContentView(R.layout.
\f1\i \cf6 activity_arithmeticoperator
\f0\i0 \cf4 )\cf2 ;\
        \cf6 buttonAdd \cf4 = findViewById(R.id.
\f1\i \cf6 button_add
\f0\i0 \cf4 )\cf2 ;\
        \cf6 buttonSub \cf4 = findViewById(R.id.
\f1\i \cf6 button_sub
\f0\i0 \cf4 )\cf2 ;\
        \cf6 buttonMul \cf4 = findViewById(R.id.
\f1\i \cf6 button_mul
\f0\i0 \cf4 )\cf2 ;\
        \cf6 buttonDiv \cf4 = findViewById(R.id.
\f1\i \cf6 button_div
\f0\i0 \cf4 )\cf2 ;\
        \cf6 editTextN1 \cf4 = findViewById(R.id.
\f1\i \cf6 number1
\f0\i0 \cf4 )\cf2 ;\
        \cf6 editTextN2 \cf4 = findViewById(R.id.
\f1\i \cf6 number2
\f0\i0 \cf4 )\cf2 ;\
        \cf6 textView \cf4 = findViewById(R.id.
\f1\i \cf6 answer
\f0\i0 \cf4 )\cf2 ;\
\
        \cf6 buttonAdd\cf4 .setOnClickListener(\cf2 this\cf4 )\cf2 ;\
        \cf6 buttonSub\cf4 .setOnClickListener(\cf2 this\cf4 )\cf2 ;\
        \cf6 buttonMul\cf4 .setOnClickListener(\cf2 this\cf4 )\cf2 ;\
        \cf6 buttonDiv\cf4 .setOnClickListener(\cf2 this\cf4 )\cf2 ;\
    \cf4 \}\
\
    \cf2 public int \cf7 getIntFromEditText\cf4 (EditText editText) \{\
        String input = editText.getText().toString().trim()\cf2 ;\
        if \cf4 (input.isEmpty()) \{\
            Toast.
\f1\i makeText
\f0\i0 (\cf2 this, \cf8 "Enter a number"\cf2 , \cf4 Toast.
\f1\i \cf6 LENGTH_SHORT
\f0\i0 \cf4 ).show()\cf2 ;\
            return \cf9 0\cf2 ;\
        \cf4 \}\
\
        \cf2 try \cf4 \{\
            \cf2 return \cf4 Integer.
\f1\i parseInt
\f0\i0 (input)\cf2 ;\
        \cf4 \} \cf2 catch \cf4 (NumberFormatException e) \{\
            Toast.
\f1\i makeText
\f0\i0 (\cf2 this, \cf8 "Invalid number format"\cf2 , \cf4 Toast.
\f1\i \cf6 LENGTH_SHORT
\f0\i0 \cf4 ).show()\cf2 ;\
            return \cf9 0\cf2 ;\
        \cf4 \}\
    \}\
\
\
    \cf5 @SuppressLint\cf4 (\cf8 "NonConstantResourceId"\cf4 )\
    \cf5 @Override\
    \cf2 public void \cf7 onClick\cf4 (View view) \{\
        \cf6 num1 \cf4 = getIntFromEditText(\cf6 editTextN1\cf4 )\cf2 ;\
        \cf6 num2 \cf4 = getIntFromEditText(\cf6 editTextN2\cf4 )\cf2 ;\
\
        if \cf4 (view.getId() == R.id.
\f1\i \cf6 button_add
\f0\i0 \cf4 ) \{\
            \cf6 textView\cf4 .setText(\cf8 "Answer = " \cf4 + (\cf6 num1 \cf4 + \cf6 num2\cf4 ))\cf2 ;\
        \cf4 \} \cf2 else if \cf4 (view.getId() == R.id.
\f1\i \cf6 button_sub
\f0\i0 \cf4 ) \{\
            \cf6 textView\cf4 .setText(\cf8 "Answer = " \cf4 + (\cf6 num1 \cf4 - \cf6 num2\cf4 ))\cf2 ;\
        \cf4 \} \cf2 else if \cf4 (view.getId() == R.id.
\f1\i \cf6 button_mul
\f0\i0 \cf4 ) \{\
            \cf6 textView\cf4 .setText(\cf8 "Answer = " \cf4 + (\cf6 num1 \cf4 * \cf6 num2\cf4 ))\cf2 ;\
        \cf4 \} \cf2 else if \cf4 (view.getId() == R.id.
\f1\i \cf6 button_div
\f0\i0 \cf4 ) \{\
            \cf2 if \cf4 (\cf6 num2 \cf4 != \cf9 0\cf4 ) \{\
                \cf6 textView\cf4 .setText(\cf8 "Answer = " \cf4 + ((\cf2 float\cf4 ) \cf6 num1 \cf4 / \cf6 num2\cf4 ))\cf2 ;\
            \cf4 \} \cf2 else \cf4 \{\
                \cf6 textView\cf4 .setText(\cf8 "Answer = Cannot divide by zero"\cf4 )\cf2 ;\
            \cf4 \}\
        \}\
    \}\
\}\
}